Unit 8 Assignemnt 8-2

Ensuring program functionality and security can be a time-consuming task, so time was spent developing tools to automate the needs of testing, designing, and development of software.  From the start, the software should be planned with the stakeholders and or end users to define the purpose and needs of the software.  From there designed and outlined which may come in various forms, but will give each team its direction and starting points for each development cycle.  As development starts and continues tests should be employed to validate that the software is on the correct path and functions as expected.  Tests are multifaceted and can be used to not only test security but also test major functions of the software and determine if the software meets expectations.  Testing ensures a quality product and has been employed in physical product development for decades allowing near everlasting value for the end users.  In terms of software testing allows a company to define and validate operations but not all tests can be automated and will require manual work to validate.  Testing frameworks are rapidly improving with some even having the capability to record mouse clicks, take screenshots as well as interpret some conditions visually.  Testing should occur from the start of initial development and automation removes the manual steps involved in bringing consistency to the building and compiling of the software and tools.  In reality, it is added as more use cases are introduced into the software.  This is where continuous integration and continuous deployment shine. User needs are very important but come down to listening to the customer.   For industry-specific, software having an understanding of the industry mechanics is a necessity and will prevent unneeded features or development that will never be used.  Being able to listen and understand the customer will lead to a path of what needs to be built and what functionality the software will need.  Here various tools exist to map out features and organize them into units.  Planning can go down to the individual classes that will be used, this may vary depending on the team or even solo developer.  
