## CS-305
### Project 2 review

Artemis Financial goal is to modernize their current operations using a RESTful based API for their services.  For Artemis handling sensitive data to their clients secure communication are critical and should built at the core of the web service focusing on delivery, capture, receiving and storing of sensitive data. During the assessment I found working with code review and the vulnerability assessment to be rather fluid and easy to understand the information provided by the tools.  Applying industry recommended standards allows for creating an up to date safe operating environment and sets the baseline for how sensitive data should be handled.  There are too many vectors for attacks on data and services.  Using industry tools and reports allows for companies to address new features and value propositions being explored or released without damage to the users or consumers.  These tools allow for companies to create a cyclical development once released to maintain, monitor and improve in a reactive manner when a threat does occur.  
With use of the vulnerability assessment the challenging part was with a difference in documentation provided from the course when compared to the current framework documentation as the report refers you to the frameworks modern documentation.  There are some differences in how to apply CVE filtration with a reference file.  
Adding new features the software for Global Rain required securing communication, data, and ensuring the new feature does not create a new security hazard.  Utilizing the vulnerability assessment and dependency state checker the new features can be validated to create a safe and secure operating environment for the clients connecting to the service.  With the dependency state checker all software packages that create the spring framework used are checked for any known CVEs that are known vulnerabilities for the software used.  This allows for correcting and known vulnerability before deployment.  Adding the features used there was no change in known Vulnerabilities within the scope of the requested features.
After applying new features testing is required for validation, this occurs through load tests and using browser tools for viewing certificates along with ensuring the response data matches expectations.  Debugging can used to out put various different steps the request goes through till response. Use of compiler building before debugging allows for validation of code to be error free.  Maven provided various build states for testing, vulnerability reporting and debugging.  The dependency check tool along with the Maven configurations and the Vulnerability assessment chart will be beneficial tools to bring along to another project.  These are tools I would bring forward to a future employer, along with some knowledge about springboot.  more importantly the knowledge gained on how to check for software vulnerabilities and interpreting these reports.  There are many tools that read vulnerability databases across across different programming language.  The knowledge and understanding of this process if paramount in any development life cycle.